# THE SPACE BETWEEN US / 18-55+
(Florian Maxim, Tabea Venrath)

Hey Lovers. 
Tinder creates the impression of a manageabilityof an unlimited supply of available partners. In a sequential row, a linear stream, pictures of potential matches appear ordered – one after another – reducing the potentiality of messy open-ended face-to-face social interaction. By the iconic gesture of “swiping”, efficient and irrevocable decision-making, we moveonin this stream of possible romantic encounters. Visual as well as tactile stimulation is predominant, whereas the rest of the body becomes detached. The regulation of the social encounter is achieved by spatial principles: The digital “architecture” we face within the “tinder experience” structures not only our perspectives, gazes or bodily sensations, but also our relationship narratives. The order of space determines the order of love. Taking place in Virtual Reality (VR), “The space between us/18-55+“restructures the spatial and sensational regime that tinder constructs. After logging into our tinder account and equipped with a pair of VR-glasses and hand-held controllers, we explore a 3D white cube. "There is no one around you. Open your arms to see more people." Following these instructions, profile pictures of actual potential lovers begin to fall from the virtual ceiling, detached from their usual touchscreen-bound appearance and resembling oversized playing cards. In this immersive gallery we are able to interact with the pictures through movement of our whole bodies. Within the VR-experience, relations of power between users and potential lovers are made noticeable – e.g. by reversing spatial dimensions of the human representations and offering extended physical interaction. “The space between us/18-55+“dissolves the illusions of control, manageability, linearity and power over the encounter. The age of digital spaces of love has begun. Let’s enter them. XOXO. 

#McLuhanPerspectives#RomanticalArchitecture #Embodiment#ExtendedExhibition#HapticalEntities #SpatialProgramming#VRDating #RomanticalTurn #SpatialTurn #DigitalCardTrick #WhiteCubeFullfillment #ImmersiveEncounters